doc: update Matter known issues for 2.3.0 (fprotect issue) (#10618)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

Matter
======

.. rst-class:: v2-3-0 v2-2-0

KRKNWK-16575: Applications with factory data support do not boot up properly on nRF5340

>   When the Matter sample is built for ``nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp`` target with :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_FACTORY_DATA` set to 'y' the application returns prematurely with error code 200016 because the factory data partition is not aligned to the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FPROTECT_BLOCK_SIZE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When the Matter sample is built for ``nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp`` build target with the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_FACTORY_DATA` Kconfig option set to ``y``, the application returns prematurely the error code 200016 because the factory data partition is not aligned with the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FPROTECT_BLOCK_SIZE` Kconfig option.
```
